It's such a long way.
Why hasn't Phoenix come so soon?
This Mr. Song is really so powerful
The president actually let the whole company pick up
It is said that
It was with his help that Nangong Group
Bring the dead back to life
To become the richest man in Jingzhou
He came to our company.
It proves that we are not far from being developed
Really so god
Hey, big brother, I'm here, Mr. Song is here
This pair of top luxury goods is limited to three pairs in the world.
You can't necessarily buy it with money.
The antique driver of the donkey brand, he actually used it to make hair rings
Mr. Song, we have prepared a place in Shanghai to come out.
Mr. Wang, to make a long story short, I have seen your project
Very promising.
Longgong Group is willing to invest 1 billion
This is the contract.
If there is no problem.
You can sign now.
A billion is fine.
Absolutely no problem.
Hello husband and wife
The CEO was in a car accident.
I need you to come back and take charge
What car accident?
Hello ma'am
Are you even listening?
How could there be an accident?
Madam, the president was going to hold a Shanghai banquet
Officially introduce the lady to everyone
I didn't expect my whereabouts to be leaked
On the way, there were many malicious car accidents caused by other cars
I know the lady is tired of the workplace
But Nangong Group is the brainchild of the president
Can't be without a master for a day
Please also ask the lady to come out of the mountain
Madam Nangong Group is leaderless
Even though we blocked the CEO's injury
But paper can't hold fire in the end
If you are robbed by your opponent
The group's stock market is bound to be hit hard
Please come out of the mountain to take charge of the overall situation
OK
No, I have to keep a low profile.
Help him find the company manager
Are you alright?
You know me?